So we have to look at how we could create an object with refl. construct.
Now I want to have a look at how we can call methods on our objects and the older you have bind up lie
and call if you remember that which kind of allow us to control what this will be referring to when
calling those methods and through the API just offers us a different way again move in the refl. AP
.
I asked is central all gathering's repository.
So in order to demonstrate this I'll start by creating a new class I'll stick to my present class here
.
And what I want to do here is I will give it a constructor where I will receive a name and let's say
an H.
And of course all set those fields here.
This age equals eight.
Then I want to have a dream function like so.
And here I simply want to printing print Hello I am and then this name example I'll leave out the h
here because one property is enough to show what I want to show him and then that would create this
person and that's used to reflect construct Meffert to stay in the refl. world Paris.
And then I'll pass Max as the first argument the name and then my age 27 as the second argument.
So with that I created my personal object like before.
And as I already explained an alternative to a dad would have been to use new person pass Max and the
age and that's perfectly fine or even shorter I just want to stay in the refl. world here.
So I'm creating that.
And once you execute secret method of course I can call Paris and greet and reflect also gives me a
way to do this I can pull refl. apply here and then I pass the method I want to call person greet without
parentheses.
So just as a reference to this method and then the second argument is the important one and why this
is useful.
This allows me to specify what this this key forward should refer to.
And that's of course something important as you probably do know because this is not when you just no
longer wait to write the function call.
It's a way to fundamentally change how this behaves in Javascript.
And as I said you already did have apply or coal to do that but now it's bundled into the refl. API
.
So here a concept to what this should refer to and it can't set it equal to prison.
And that is a forward argument.
I specify any arguments dysfunction might take of course dysfunction doesn't take any arguments therefore
I pass an empty array.
So if I now run this what do you expect to see in the console while you see how I am Max because I'm
executed person greet and this inside of my class you're also referred to this person objects and so
I pass this as my this link kind of orlop as I tell it to use this.
As for this key word got that's complicated.
I'll show you how it could change just to make clear that this is important.
If I pass an empty object here what do you think we'll now see.
Well now my name is undefined because now this year is not referring to this name.
Instead isn't this keyword will refer to just empty object.
And this doesn't have a name property.
It could of course give it one.
I could say it you name to Anna and they are for now if I run this I see Hello I am Anna and that is
of course a very important thing with this refl. apply method.
You're like with the old apply a method which already existed.
I can't control what this should refer to.
And that's something you'll often need in your code to achieve certain behaviors or to make sure that
this is actually referring to the right object.
So again just in case you were wondering why you would actually use refl. apply instead of the old apply
or call method simply.
It's a central repository.
This refl. object and I think it's a good practice to use refl. instead of the other scattered out places
which will still work.
The other functions you know this will still work and you will see in a lot of code and that's no problem
per se but it certainly is also a good idea to start getting used to reflect and also again to link
to the next Marchal the proxy API.
There you will see why they reflect API is really useful in conjunction with it to finish this refl.
apply section here.
If I pass something like let's say a prefix which gets Well surprisingly prefix to this string here
then I would just pass it like though.
Just as an element in disarray.
And now if I had run see the three dots at the beginning.
So that's simply cestus for it argument to pass some arguments to that function call.
We're executing here.